Outlook 

Composition: 

Prelude: 

Part 1: Outlook 

Part 2: Stars 

Part 3: My Old School 

Part 4: The Chronicles of Cheese 

Part 5: The Universal Clock 

Part 6: What is it to Forgive? 

Part 7: A Real Utopia 

Part 8: The Expert 

Part 9: The Great Divorce 

Part 10: 1793 

Part 12: The Real Story of an Atheist 

Conclusion 

Prelude and Introduction:  

Blah blah blah 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Outlook 

The pages turn though while the students listen, listen to the professor drone on aforementioned knowledge, cumulative of the ages; 

while the change from your pockets fall, and glistens, giving way to impertinent gleans. 

Everything available to learn, hold true, and hear; the sanctity of a degree idol to all causes fear; 

When experience and thought falls through the fallacy, experts and professionals weave facts making normalcy. 

No information holds the mind gripping nor attractancy, till critical thought comes unbound, unraveling; 

Now prove your dependency, reliance, and fate; while proving knowledgeable for the mentors distinguishing. 

Right from wrong to exemplify perfection, waiting to hear about fate; 

Hope for the future that funds the provision and wait to hear of your rank. 

Watch as the world corrupts education, to accommodate jobs that will soon be forgotten; 

Let others assemble worth with little proposition and figure you too shall soon be begotten. 

Turn to peers now all becoming rotten, as actions of rebellion show out the shotten. 

Causing pandemonious acts of rebellion, bringing progress to-the-ton. 

Progress seen in places from decency to trepidation, as violence upon violence expands across the nation; 

From degenerate action slams the speculation, that what is truly popular will worsen the condition. 

All human lives rebelling to the easy, while what is truly good and moral makes everyone quite queasy;  

Bringing trouble to the colony, causing actions to seem matterease. 

Progressing to find pleasure in drugs and in each other will not let us surmise, which person speaks the truth and who is the one that lies; 

Continue to export thought and without effort to reflect, which progress is beneficial, and which is neglect.  

As leaves come to fall, and fall turns to winter, churns history round yet still waits to bring cancer.  

While those young and old both argue on decanter, falling on deaf ears agreeing with no answer.  

Progress from the past ideals cause people to turn to dust, as metals in the ground wait patiently to aerate and rust; 

Beams of steel fall with religion, being corrupted to fit the formalities; 

While heretics debate creation, And others debate philosophies, Seeps into society and brings new favor. 

Finding nothing but trouble and causing only more labor. 

These loops must be forgotten, hopefully all to quick, else new idols will rise up such as would a clique; 

So be unafraid to act in ways ornate, lest bring on disillusion for those who are praised as grotesque. 

And find the future needs moderate, and to continue towards what should be the statuesque. 

Fail once more the process, in the name of what is best, instead of trying methods which are proven unlike the rest.  

Hold on to history and take no delays, to which is written propaganda and which to gaze;  

Which stories bring fraternity, and which stories bring idolatry; 

So, query in the present and always pause for the attention; That shall bring a fall from revelations.  

Bringing narcissism, violence, and the occasional peaceful protest, leave free thought and cause a contest. 

All in the name of progress. 

Those willing to lead are not the best guides, for those knowledgeable in the subject might bring a surprise;  

The future will profit for those under disguise, unless there are transparency and willingness to specialize.  

For learning is not repetition and smarts won't take its place;  

And knowledge is not given, but to have proof behind what one creates.  

Finish all your studies and do not make a change, yet somehow still contribute to the industry fields range; 

Read allegorical novels, watch progressive musicals and movies; 

Complete what has been deemed truth with no self-thought or example.  

To please the past and present neglecting the future, each person can never be sure; 

Unless the loop is broken, and a new-old age be awoken; 

Through struggle and pain, with no blame;  

Allowing Awareness and listening to criticism from left and right, 

Such that we might just all share our might. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

“Two things fill the mind with ever new and increasing admiration and awe, the more often and steadily we reflect upon them: the starry heavens above me and the moral law within me. I do not seek or conjecture either of them as if they were veiled obscurities or extravagances beyond the horizon of my vision; I see them before me and connect them immediately with the consciousness of my existence” – Immanuel Kant. 

  

Stars 

  

The moon and stars were near invisible in the sky, blotted out by the illuminant lights of the city. The streets bustled with the after-work crowd, marching alongside the homeless and degenerates. The police naught to be seen, being disbanded and replaced by local militias, fighting for turf with blatant disregard for the uncaring federal governments. I stepped into my tired complex about a mile from the local park. Oftentimes I wouldn’t give this a second thought, but tonight I noticed the clouds were quite thin. I passed along many strangers. wanting a conversation I would say hello, meet some with formalities, but the only responses I got were slow sighs or prompts for cash. Many times I would politely decline,  clutching to the loose change in my pockets, surely it would be used to purchase drugs or useless material extras.  

  

Approaching the gate I was met with a young lad, “$15 to enter in,” the boy said, “if you don’t have that, your hat would look nice on me”. His baggy hoodie and sagged jeans rusted gently as he approached, the smoke he was blowing drifted in the wind into my face. “I’m sorry but  I have no money on me, and this homburg is all that protects me from the weather,” his hand drifted into his pants, “but I guess I may be able to buy another with how the weather has been". Clearly avoiding conflict I reached for my brim.  “While I’ve got you here you had best give me those shoes as well”. “Tell me son, what do you want with my shoes” , as I began to look down at the rugged leather dress shoes on my feet, his hand undercoat twitched a familiar motion, and I took them off. But my mind had been made up. 

  

My hopes to once more see the stars rose as the lights finally dimmed entering the park. My feet now feeling each pebble , root, and strand of grass moved swiftly away from the city limits. My suit no longer providing warmth as the temperature fell like the mildew that wetted my bare feet. Slowly I found a bench with a break in the foliage above. I sat down to rest and relax, bringing the cigar stored securely in my pocket to smoke to watch the time go by. By now, the heavens remained were dark, and I began to lose the spark that brought me here in the first place. The only star visible shone quietly, enclosed by a newly formed menacing cloud.  

  

 Adjusting my legs to lay on the bench I found a lonesome figure standing in the night. “Hello,” I said into the night “How is your night going?”. I sat up. She slowly approached, then cautiously sat beside me. Her bright blue eyes reflected the end of my lit cigar, which lightly illuminated the soft features of her face. She looked to be in her thirties, around my age, the slim physique obvious underneath the cheap sweater she wore.  For a moment I glimpsed in her eyes, finding only a reflection of myself. Tall and lanky, face being torn by the tests of time looking much older than my age. Although cleanly shaven and self-styled, it was clear I had not had a hair cut in a while.  “Decently enough”, she finally replied “The forest has become bleak as of late.” The voice was familiar to me, the soothing femininity momentarily drowned my sorrows of the skies, “I hadn’t noticed”, I remarked, “Then again I have been busy at my work”. It was true, since the general tax increased I had to work more hours at my shop. 

  

“Where do you work?”, she asked. “I’ve found a therapist office, the hours are long and toiling. I should have listened to my friends when they said it was a bad time to start up”. “Why is it a bad time?” She rightfully prompted. “Local ordinances have stopped providing security; banks stopped ensuring money, and the federal government keeps pushing bills that hurt small businesses. People don’t have enough extra money to support my services; I’ve had to lower my price and take in almost anyone. What are you working as?”. There was a darkness that befell her eyes. “I’m”, she paused, “An artist”. Quite interested I asked, “What do you make?”, and received another deliberation. “I make music, I’m Nova.” she admitted and without pause she continued, “I rather enjoy the forest in the night, although as of late more and more people have started living here”. Staying silent for a while in awe of who I was talking to. I began to speak but realizing her change in conversation I abode. “I can’t say the same, tonight has been a quest, although the paths are clearly marked” A pair of squirrels suddenly ran by, one being chased with a bounty of food in its mouth by another. “They look like they’re having fun,” I remarked. We sat for a while.   

  

“The birds have been quieter and less active since the change”. She said, reviving the conversation. I knew what she was talking about, when the interstate had been demolished to influence people to drive through the nearby towns. It was only too easy to make the connection with how it affected the surrounding areas. “What happened with your shoes?” She remarked, oblivious to the boy at the gate. “I entered in by the city, There- “, “Do you have a spare?” she interrupted gesturing to my cigar, “I’m sorry but I only brought the one.” We sat in silence for a while as my smoke slowly turned to ash, falling gradually to the ground in batches. She soon got up and left, bored of my antics and lack of conversation.  

  

The stars partially became visible in the sky, blurred in the night as my head began to feel light. Finishing my time at the bench, I arose to the path, feet numb on the ground now. I wandered aimlessly to find an exit, glancing amongst the skies once more I noticed it empty. My head left with them, back to sobriety. I noticed a paved path back to the city. finding this preferable to the dirt and gravel my feet were toiling over, I changed course. I looked anxiously around trying to find the hope I found in the stars once more. The shadows surrounding me reminded me of my situation, but there was a noticeable anomaly.  

  

A deep marble star embedded in the ground shone against the moonlight; with a final hope I strutted over and glanced to the ground, noticing immensely more stars. I tried reading the etches, but most of what was written was illegible or lost to time. A bundle of Marigolds befell on one stone; this one was legible. Here lies Hope Grace. The stars that were above had fallen. 

  

 Remembering my morning shift and livelihood, I skimmed over the graves, my watch showing midnight. With the path now returning to the city, and with the boy gone, the only interruptions were those asking for change, in which I replied with only a long slow sigh. With one last glance at the sky now even the lone star was now gone. My own hopes followed, as for while I returned, a slight drizzle of rain turned to a downpour. I began to worry if the sun would rise tomorrow. 

 

  

  

  

  

  

 

 

My Old School 

  

Lockers surrounded me; tiles covered everything except the ceiling. Others warned me about my job as a teacher, only having worked for two years did I find no issue. And still they claimed children found solace in causing you pain. But I disagree. They were rowdy, yes, but their intentions were good. I want to give back to society what it gave to me. My peers mostly warned me of one child, Grant. They said his parents disappeared soon after he was born, giving no reason as to why, leaving him to his uncle. Now there was a predicament; the school board needed to make a decision whether to raise him to me, or his uncle. This was the worst part. His uncle was a teacher here, at New Mexico Elementary.  

  

It was not that he was a bad person per se, but his presence changed each room he entered. The lights would start to dim as if adjusting to him. And people talking at the same volume would seemingly quiet. He refused to use any technology, calling it useless. Most found this 

ironic since they would always have some sort of issue with their computers when he was around. Now the tiles have turning to drywall as I entered the auditorium. Our school did not receive enough funding to build its own meeting room, its money instead going into administrator after administrator who decided what I could and couldn't teach. As I entered the meeting, I noticed Bertha, the representative of the union, sitting in the back. She rarely supported policies I agreed with but was a useful asset for when I needed some support. 

  

"Shall we start this meeting", Stacy asked rhetorically as I entered the room, "good, let's get started". Roll call was taken and the consent agenda began. Most on the list was simple yes or no, whether to spend more on Football or to buy a furnace for pottery in the arts. But I was only interested in what affected me directly. "Raise your hand for Ryan, Keep your hands down for Ethan." Stacy finally stated. I was eager to see whether Grant would go to me or Ethan, this would be this school boards first time with this issue. All hands shot up, as if to say he was a bad influence. I was pleasantly intrigued by seeing how Grant would actually be. Would he be different than what people say about him? With the meeting adjourned, I left to go home. 

  

With dawn hitting my window, I awoke, a pleasant enjoyment that was lost in the winter. The final days of summer were coming to a close and the fall school season was starting. Looking at the time I read 7:30am. As I have a 15-minute drive to campus, I'm late. Rushing to prepare for the first day, I hurriedly put on my clothes, grabbed my briefcase, phone, keys, and wallet. Scurrying to my car I sped out of my driveway and fretted on the difficulties of the first day. It was always a pain to swipe in through the metal detector doors put in over the summer. The metal implant in my hip from a childhood accident would always set it off, causing a search from the nearest guard. Now walking through, it failed to detect this. "Stopped bringing in that pocketknife," Michael joked, "My job is complete.", "Finally made an exception for me eh?" I said confused. "No, there must be some sort of error", he rebutted. The gymnasium was packed with children already; I was late enough for half of my class to be present already. Thankfully, they were all sitting in a row, thanks to Allison. "Thanks for covering for me," I seemingly whispered under the shouts of excited children, "I owe you one". "Really? on the first day," she replied, "did you decide to party hard last night to celebrate?". "No, I made myself a sandwich and went to bed," I answered, "but my alarm didn't go off this morning". I secretly brought the phone out of my pocket to check, surely enough it was fully charged and had no notifications. 

 

"Get back to your class," Allison rebuked. More had arrived while my back was turned, sitting alongside their classmates. All but one. I deduced that this was Grant. His green eyes looked empty, dark in the moody lighting of the gymnasium, sunken behind his forehead. He was wearing a brown tee shirt and blue shorts, obviously getting dressed by himself. His hair was a white curly blonde creating paths of its own down his back, tangled together in strange braids, longer than what should be for a second grader. I began to take roll call while inspecting the bunch. Stacy interrupted. "Alright everyone, we're going to recite the pledge of allegiance, then head to class for some fun"! The morning went quite well, although as time went by I noticed that Grant was disinterested in anything I had to teach, opting instead to look at random corners of the room, as if there was something there. Lunch was different. Although the kids were respectful to me in the classroom, the lunchroom changed them all upon entry. The only one who remained calm was Grant; he was slowly gaining my respect. Returning to the classroom, he once more attuned to the darkest corners of the room, "Grant, may I have your attention please?" I asked. "I'm sorry," he whispered. His head snapped to attention but slowly fell back to either the window or door. Recess now is the same, although as the rest of the children played, Grant decided to sit on a bench facing the woods. He seemed to be invisible to the rest of the children, only receiving the occasional whisper of his oddity, but his demeanor is seeming nice to me.  

  

The weeks turned to months as spring erupted from each flower and leaf. Grading my last papers before easing off on assignments, I reflected on each student's average. Grant was surprisingly amongst the top grades. Although he rarely looked in my direction as I wrote words on the board, he seemingly knew all that I had to teach. Now back in class, I found him acting more and more strangely. He looked like he was talking into those corners of the room, but no sound came from his voice. The boys and girls would now glance at him. It was as if he had just appeared in the classroom for the final few days. The next day after lunch hour, the whole world seemed off. Not like there was anything wrong near me, but it felt empty. I ate my lunch in solace, relieved from the few moments I had away from the children. Grant entered my classroom. But it was not Grant. Grant would usually dress in a way a child would not know how to dress appropriately, but his clothes changed from the morning. He originally wore his clearly mismatched bright orange shirt and purple pants, but now he wore black leather loafers, bright stone pants, and a white dress shirt to match. A silver overcoat draped from his shoulders matching his white, blonde hair. A black brimmed Beret sat contrasting his hair, and although he was still only seven, he bore a beautiful wooden cane holding gothic designs. 

 

"Would you like to hear a secret?" Grant said in his usual childish voice, "No, but thank you anyways," I decided to reply. "I'll be returning shortly" Grant left. I figured he was right, as lunch hour was almost done. The clock ticked to one, then to two, then three, and nobody entered. I ultimately decided I should leave the room, as my day technically was over, and left for the familiar hallway. Everything was the same; the originally spotless floors covered in dust from children's shoes, the kid's art being slightly crooked on the walls, and each step to the exit. Except one thing was different. Nobody was around, and no sound of birds nor bugs was to be heard. Approaching my car, I felt somebody staring at me. I turned around and saw Grant once more, his eyes with a marginally red hue this time. "Are you ready this time?" He asked; his cadence was slow and methodical as if this question had been asked before. "I know something that will bring you great joy and pleasure," He continued, "it is with a great burden I cannot share it with anyone. But I cannot live my life without bringing this happiness to someone else". "Where is everyone". "They are gone now, do not fret at others. Right now, all that matters is the secret, so would you like to hear it?“ I observed Grant; nothing has really changed in his appearance other than cosmetic. The past year he may have been odd and seemingly schizophrenic, but he earned my respect though his grades and casualness. "Yes" I concluded. 

 

The world stood still. It was still as empty as before, but now with a new desolation. As if the whole universe had abandoned us two, only for this makonmoment. "There is a being out there, only knowable as God. I have found it and have learned to become a part of it. Only very few have learned how to assimilate into its love, but I think you may be one of these few.” What happened next was incomprehensible. He said something without saying it and disappeared. Then, on a whim, he reappeared right in front of me. "You could share in this power," He slyly added, only be willing to learn in these ways. "In what ways?" I stupidly echoed. "repeat my thoughts. Remember that you are God, not in the whole just yet, but a piece, and that all of our pieces are trying to assemble something great." His voice distorted, slowly deepening as if he were walking back and forth, but it were my mind that was in pain. Grant noticed this, "In other terms, remember that you, and everything else, is an atom. All of these atoms accumulate into God. I am just as valuable as what I consume, my energy is all contributed towards God.", my soul felt no benevolence in his words, but my brain was succumbing to the logic. I soon found myself repeating Grant. He spoke, and I spoke. He moved, and I moved. He listened, and I listened. As if in a trance, I copied each of his moves, and suddenly I was gone. Then, just as fast, I was back again. 

 

A great pain harmed my soul, twisting it and bending it. Torturing it like being slowly torn apart and atomized until it cried out in pain, a pain to be seen behind my eyes where very few could tell. Not even me. For my body had been reborn in a way, the energy around me shifted to match this exuberant pleasure that overcome me. I had no comprehension of what had just occurred, but the sheer amount of pleasure this action brought was more addicting than any physical drug. I instantly begged and pleaded him to show me it once more, but I was met with only a now motherly, sheepish, "No". 

  

 After a while when the immense happiness slowed to a reasonable smile, I recovered my thought. "What just happened", I asked once more, forgetting everything in my previous life. The people that had once filled my world were lost, "And how can I do it again". His intonation became menacing, "I must warn you, do not fall into the depths of God for too long. This has been our great family tradition for millennia. But in light of my parents becoming the earth, I've decided to share this pharmakon. The amount of knowledge I have found through God is greater than any man will know". "How long until I can do that again?" I asked, disregarding his seriousness as meaningless scorn as if he were a politician, look who's talking. "Give yourself some time to heal, my genetics have been accustomed to God. You are still in the learning phase. You will be able to comprehend him before the next school-year".  

  

The next few months I met with Grant on occasion, learning his ways and various methods. His customs were very different than mine, as he was able to talk to some far-away being. I of course was incapable of seeing this, as I was too far from God. Days blurred together, and the pleasure that came with my transience became elongated. Grant remarked one afternoon on my astute performance and adeptness on how well I have kept myself. I of course did not care, as I knew my body needed more.  

 

Tonight Grant decided to meet up later than usual. "Tonight is the night where you meet the entity that can only be known as God". This time, his words were different, as if he were speaking out of two mouths. A slight whistle bore into everything surrounding him, and my ears began to soar. I of course repeated this in perfect model, driven for jubilation. Grant moved now in a new way, in a way that is not humanly possible, yet it was done. I blissfully motioned the same, as if in a frenzy. Lastly he stopped, and the world started to move. People who had been gone for months suddenly returned, but I still did not care. If there were people, if there were no people, it did not matter. The only thing that mattered was meeting God. I knew this. And Grant knew this. I waited alongside Grant, listening to the hubbub around, words spoken fleetingly, unknowing of this great blessing I had been given. I now soared between atoms, becoming electricity once more, a new superior consciousness rose beyond my body. 

 

 I am in heaven. That's all that can be thought. No other possibility presented itself. A great figure slowly and meaningfully approached. But this was not God, this was Grant. Only it was not Grant. "Welcome to omnipotence," he said, "everything that has ever happened, and everything that will happen, is known here. But remember my warning. Do not stay here long, lest you will become a part of this place. A great and loving darkness came into the everlasting light that shone into my energy. Grant spoke now in reverence, "This is your God". I found myself stunned in my spot, incapable to move. My body was not my own, but now a part of this being. It spoke, but didn't speak. It was understood between me and God that with any religion there is a purpose to go and spread the word. That is what I will do. 

  

As I returned back to the earthly plane, I realized a new bounty of people around me. Although they seemingly looked right through me. My will was determined, show whoever was interested in this influence. This would bring me great pleasure, since the process itself was worthless as of late. I recognized an unmistakable face, Allison. I had never seen her in this light, her bright brown eyes fought her sharp jawline, her hair matching, long and straight. The light freckles distinct on her pale white skin. Her petite body now a fixation of mine, I was sure to share with her my pleasures. As I approached she took a step back. Confused, I stepped back, and she stepped foreword. Tired of this odd action I continued in pursuit. Meeting her at last, I ask "Do you want to know my secret"? Just as before I expected a simple "No, thank you", but she was all too intrigued, and said after a pause, "Well, it's a free market". As she was an adult, it was more difficult to move her, but after some convincing it was just as before. We were both entranced. I spoke, she spoke. I moved, and she moved. I listened, and she listened. Soon enough, she was begging me for more. But she was not my only target, I had more to instruct.   

  

Soon enough school started, and I commenced with it. I stopped teaching reality, instead began with the motions. As they were children it was easier to initiate them, but most were still hopeless. Some days I would come into class and there were a few missing, always those who had understood my words, my motions and thoughts. But I felt empty in my purpose, incapable of introducing more and more into my life. I was given an impossible task, and there was nothing I could do to fulfill it. Days again turned to weeks, the leaves began to turn and fall. I tired of my purpose, the failure too much to bare. This time, I turned to Grant. He held no theory. I figured then, if I hold omnipotence, why not inform myself of how to feel, once more, the exuberant pleasures of life. After completing the process I asked God, "What can I do to please you, I just want to feel whole once more". it replied in but a word, "Spread". 

  

And so I did, but the pleasures that once felt good now turned to pain and torment. My soul came to be tired and hurt, blazed by a thousand suns. Each time the process had been done took something away, something from a part of myself. I found that over time, my soul became numb, and my mind and body soon went with it. Indifferent to those I would bring the same fate to, I continued my path. This time with a new purpose. Find the pleasure I had once been given.  

  

I went once more back to my school. I brought with me my pains, my torments, my anguish and misery. This time God came to me, and I spoke, "if I cannot change these to know your glory, I must take away their suffering". My motions were beyond my own understanding, I became darkness. Night befell the proximity as I entered the school. Great clouds began a deluge too strong for any human to pass. Wind spun around the school, twisting and bending the water in a circular motion. The combination destroyed trees, grass, and car, but worked its purpose. Each student was holed up in their respective rooms, and I knew this. Being a new entity in itself, I roamed the halls. The lights stayed on, but produced no light under my influence. The tiles had a similar effect, distorted as if under water as I approached. 

  

One classroom after another I conquered. It wasn't difficult, my new flesh could transcend any physical object, simply phasing through it. I held each student, faculty, and staff, in my caring arms, and brought them to move with me. I spoke, and I made them speak. I moved, and I made them move. I listened, and they had no choice but to listen. I first heard their cries, not knowing the boon I was introducing them to. Then they began to laugh, and smile, and cry; not in sadness this time, but in joy. The mindless babbling that came with this brought me pure bliss. I could not contain my own laughter. With one swift motion I was gone, on to the next school. I will enlighten them all. 

  

  

  

  

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

The Chronicles of Cheese   

 

Preface  

 

Very few should know this, but one of my very first novels was written in fifth grade. This is my newest rendition of this novel, since I lost the papers at my babysitter's house years ago. Although nothing could ever beat the original, I think it is a fitting add to this series. I hope to shorten this true story while also staying true to the story line. Sadly, there will be less drawings in this book.  

  

Chapter One: The Gouda and the Bad  

  

This was a society much like our own. Yet, many variations of cheese ruled in place quite like our world. Very few knew of our protagonist, He was a select type of gouda cheese, which happened to be the second most common of the bunch. There were many different types, some superior to others, the rarest being selected aged cheddars and bris often holding the highest positions in government.   

  

Our cheese, which we may call Les, was nothing of the sort. He was a young Dutch gouda of around 3 months and was newly assigned a job to write what was on his mind. He was not the brightest in the class of 1989. He was on track to graduate a year after the average Muenster. Bitto cheeses were very intelligent and often graduated in under a year, some even under two months. The average graduation advancement averaged about a year, with processed single cheeses taking the longest up to two.  

  

Les often flunked in history, politics and government. These barred him from the upper fragments of his class and brought him to work at the printing office. No cheese was dependent in society, for upon birth they were removed from their mold and introduced to a school. Any cheese that Les would ask on the street would reply with a simple “I don’t know” when he questioned these classmates. His teachers did not enjoy his curiosity, calling it un-cheese like. His boss was the same, repeatedly giving him detention for writing his questions alongside the documents he was to copy. Detention was the same as his work, except for each incorrect word he would be put under a heat lamp for 3 minutes as punishment.  

  

Chapter Two: Meeting Mozzarella  

  

He saw her from across the train station. Her pale slim figure had a yellow tinge from the old electric lights. Les was never one to try to date out of the system, but there was something about the way she rolled that brought a primal attraction to his mind. Gracefully wheeling to her, he began, “Hello, I’m Les. I’m turning around a year old now and am looking forward to settling down”. After taking a good look at him, she responded, “I remember you idiot.” Pausing for a laugh, “we shared a government class together our second month, I'd always laugh at your questions. I’m Mar, Mar Mozzarella?”. Les, not remembering his lefts from rights, asked,” Would you like to go for milk at the local dairy queen this Monday?” She paused and contemplated, then looked around profiling those in earshot. “Goat”, she whispered. Not knowing what this odd lady was up to, he whispered back, “Huh?”.  “Meet me instead at 100 cheddar lane, this is me,” she said motioning to the oncoming train. After that, she was gone. And so was Les’ mind, he wondered what she wanted in the business district. Curiously pondering but naught a thought came to mind.   

  

The few interesting moments between now and then were his transfer to “creative writing”, where he would make up whatever he wanted along with around 50 in his building. This was a clear upgrade in status, for he was one of 10 that wrote about scientific advancements. Due to his old curiosity, he checked on his old workplace soon after the change on Wednesday. He found each of the rooms they inhabited were now stocked with large towers, their buttons blinking green, and an incessant whirring sound emitted from each one. The room was nearly frozen, making it dangerous for any wheel or stick to stay inside long. Les soon left, confused and questioning. He left for the mail room, a familiar stop. This too was different; another foreign object was printing papers. Rolling over to take a peak Les was befuddled by what was on the paper. It was his writing, but not his writing, the bold black ink was blotched neatly along straight lines. “You shouldn’t be in here!”, Les heard an authoritative voice from behind. Winding his wheel around, he saw a brick of limburger. “I’ll escort you out sonny.” The brick said with finality.  

  

 

 

Chapter Three: A Brick of Brutality  

  

After returning to his mundane days, Les kept thinking about why his office was needed. Sure, his writing would be found in schools and newsletters. But he was never influential in as grand a way as this. It happened to be Monday, the busy cheeses day off. Les rolled over to cheddar lane with a new confidence; he was popular after all. He saw the building entitled “100”, Mar was relaxing on a bench nearby.  Her strands of what humanly would be called hair blew in the wind. She looked even whiter in the sun. But that image wouldn’t last long, for before he knew it, as he was being dragged hastily down the nearby alley and shoved into a hallway underneath building 100. Les thought at first to yell for the police, but Mar assured him, “Sorry, but we can’t be seen”. This comment deeply hit Les, and he rolled with the crowd that suddenly crowded this hall. He really had no option but to move with them, since he was taught it was rude not to follow a crowd.    

  

The crowd slowly filtered into the auditorium. There was a whole array of different cheeses. A wedge here, a stick there; a brick was commonplace. A moldy brick of old cheddar now demanded the attention of the group. He stood out from the rest because he was on the stage, which Les found quite intriguing. Why was he on the stage, he thought. His question was soon to be answered, as he spoke “I rather enjoy our time here folks,” he bellowed, “But it will soon be over, for my time is growing short”. The disappointment was tangible in the crowd. “And with this I leave you with a question. Are you happy”?  

  

Les had never thought of this before; emotions rarely came to his mind after sociology class. But this brick was not finished, “I hope that one day all of you will find your own personalities. Your calling. Your life. Mine is long over, but my progress is seen. All of you here now are a product of questioning. My purpose was to bring you together, forming this group. Now, we have amassed thousands in our subsociety”. Large banners unraveled from the walls depicting red and white stripes. Thirteen wheels of parmesan were set in the top left corner in a circle. “This flag bears our cause; our thirteen divisions work tirelessly to gain in numbers, for a purpose beyond that of our worlds”. Les had never seen anything like this before; the colors only being seen on the very rare Blue Cheese, or Leicester.   

  

“I find myself saddened by our degree of hierarchy in society. Although many do not recognize what is occurring due to our ever-increasing number of “studies”, and “data”, being produced. If this were to be destroyed, maybe, just maybe, might we come to our senses and bring freedom to this nation”. The brick turned his back to the crowd and went up to the top of the risers; all the while being accompanied by applause. He turned back around, and a brigade of bricks, sticks, and wedges came to the front of the stage, Mar was among them. “These young soldiers are preparing a strike on the central terroir. This Surprisingly caught Les’ wheel. Not that he had influenced someone to try and fight for a cause, that went over his head. But that Mar was a soldier, a status much higher than his own.  The room built in a crescendo of applause, this being cheese opening and closing their mouths. And suddenly it stopped.  

  

Chapter Four: Sharp Cheddar  

  

Les was always curious to meet new types of cheese, finding all types to be interesting. But a strong stench soared through the room quicker than homemade cheese. He had only known this scent once before, in his birthplace. Any cheese factory was guarded by only the most dangerous cheese.  It was our livelihood after all. But now, the whole assembly was surrounded by wheels upon wheels of Milbenkase and Casu Marzu. Some tried to flee and were met with a horrible fate. The rest held their ground, then followed the orders given by these guards. One after another, they were driven to the rehabilitation complex. Swiss-fully the guards put each prisoner in a cell for questioning. Now Les was still under blissful ignorance. Since he had only attended the single meeting, he expected a simple ousting from the rest.   

  

Finally, it was his turn to be interrogated, but where the other wheels rolled was different than his path. He was escorted to a vehicle that took him far from where he had lived his whole life. Deep in the forest there was a small community, hidden deep in the valley beyond many mountains. It must have been at least two days since he left the van. Now finally upon exit he was greeted with a long dirt road; which stretched further than any normal wheel could roll. The wedge driving the van wiggled behind Les and removed his restrictions. “Get a move on, we need to go deeper,” he said. “Into the woods now, on you go”.  

  

The break from the city was quite nice to Les; he rarely caught the time to stop at a park. The two were surprisingly agile, bounding over log and leaf, leaping over the ferns and wading through water. The wedge was a great guide, clearly giving directions as to what exactly to do when Les got confused. And finally, they were there. A singular white pillar erupted miles into the sky; its surroundings cleared of grub and stub. The grass was cleanly cut and each bush trimmed. Entering the white gates of the building, the two were met with a heavy glow from the lights above.   

  

There were very few rooms at the entrance, only a hallway and an elevator. The white hallways were dim, lightly reflecting the moody lights on the ceiling. Les decided that now would be a good time to ask questions, as he rolled inside. “What am I doing here?”, the guard responded, “I don’t know”. “Where are you taking me?”, the guard responded lazily, “here”. Well, that was a grand success! He was given answers to his questions. Les certainly had more, but he was content with the information he had just received. The elevator slowly crawled up and up, stopping occasionally since the wedge had accidentally hit some extra buttons. Reaching floor 6, the wedge shoved Les out of the elevator. The elevator closed behind him, and the was off to another floor. This floor had black granite lining the path, with a single red light shining menacingly down. Les, deciding this was fine, moved forward.  

  

An astringent creamy aroma befell the halls This smell penetrated his non-existent nose and forced its way into each of his pores. The hallway was slowly expanding in height. Far in the distance, Les noticed a door. A grandiose door. A door so large it had to have been at least three levels tall. It opened before him. This must be the congregation of the oldest cheddar cheeses in the population.  He had heard rumors of a government beyond government in school but disregarded them all as hearsay. Stage upon stage was stacked to the roof.  He found now the rumors were true. Each stage held a single cheddar ambassador of one specialty or the same. The Chief Assemblyman soon asked, “Chief Meeting-starter, would you like to start this meeting?”, the Chief Meeting-starter responded, “We shall start with our Chief of Warfare”. The chief of warfare then declared “I shall delegate this to my pupil, Executive Warfare-officer”. This continued for some time, until after the longest delay they decided on a victim. The lowly head of starting meetings was tasked with the start of this meeting.    

  

“Well Les, you have been a great pain to the nation. And still a model citizen of what should be, except for one thing. Why do you ask so many questions?” He asked.  “Huh?” Les responded. Now the superior of the head of meetings motioned, “Stop doing that!” he exclaimed, “Why do you cheeses always rebel?”. “I don’t want to rebel”, Les claimed. But the cheddar legends were too smart to be tricked. “We know you were at that rebellion”. A couple of higher-ups spoke, interrupting each other; they all apologized. This rationale went on for quite some time, until the point of them bringing them here was finally clear. “We want more people to be as incompetent as you”, The Chief Assemblyman acknowledged, “And we need to understand you to have more people be like you”.   

  

Chapter 5: A Feta Unimaginable  

  

A large news helicopter appeared in the background, only in Les’ view. He thought something was off, so he gestured and began, “Hey, what’s that doing there?”.  The cheddar, used to his trope, all turned. Panic set out; the General of Warfare hit a large red button. An automated message said calmly to return to the bunkers at the bottom of the elevator; a nuclear bomb will be arriving shortly to take out any threat. While the cheddars clambered down from their heights, Les made way for the elevator. Being first in line, he was first to wait patiently for the elevator. As it could only hold around 10 people, he and 9 others went down.   

  

Now Les was less than a hero, but he thought for a moment. If there was a secret government behind the official government, why did they want everyone to be incompetent? So, he asked those in the elevator, “Why do you want everyone to be incompetent”?  “They are easier to help”, a random official said, “we live in a first come first serve society after all. It’s only decent to help those that can’t provide for themselves”. Les thought for a moment. And continued, “If they’re competent, couldn’t they help themselves”? A clearly renowned executive of something said, “If there was no one to help, how could we exist? Because we are a group, it proves that society is flawed and you need us”! Les thought again, “But... if you want us to be incompetent, that makes us dependent on you... And wouldn’t that mean that you are making society flawed”? Another lowly officer said, “If we are making society flawed, why do we call for equality”? Les pondered once more and was stumped. Why do these people want everyone to be equally incompetent? Les thought of something original, “If you people are all incompetent, and you want us to also be incompetent. Why are you not us”? The nine in the elevator were stunned in silence, for they had no answer.  

  

The long, tedious and slow elevator ride was almost to the second floor. Les remembered a simple summary of what the old brick had said “I hope the day that all you become personalities. And create a calling. Yadda-Yadda”. With this new inspiration, he now hit the button for the first floor. Maybe, just possibly, another cheese may hold a new life. Outside of the confines of social hierarchy, or biases. The elevator crawled to a halt and shook viciously under the weight of ten cheese. A final use came to his scholarly learnings. It was always rude to not follow when invited. “We should all go on a hike outside”, Les chuckled, “I invite you”. None stayed in the elevator, and it was too slow to make a second trip in a single day. A distant whistling came from afar. With a flash of light, Les’ story is over.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

To Forgive is to Die 

Introduction and Thanks, Lu Xun, Dr. Malikow, Fydor Dostoevsky,  Friedrich Nitzsche, blah blah blah 

Part 1: Kris 

Part 2: Dostoevsky 

Part 3: Lu Feng-Ming 

Part 4: William 

Part 5: Fritz 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Introduction: To Be Done 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Part One: Kris 

 

The haunting souls of the people I’ve burned tirelessly burned in my mind. There was rarely a moment now that the cries made pause. Ever since that mortar shell brought me close to death I have had nothing but time to think of my actions. I have asked for a Jew to come in and hopefully give light on my situation. It was not that I wanted to shoot those that jumped from that burning house; my commander forced it to be. If I had not continued with this my officers would enforce befehlsnotstand, causing me the same great pain or even death that I had to inflict on others. 

But now that did not matter, my wounds covered all my body. I could not see from the bandages covering my eyes. I could not move because my collapsed spine kept me in place. I could not eat from my broken jaw. I could not feel anything other than pain. And my mind being forced into a mortal shell broke me further. I could not live; I could not die. There were no good options before me. I am hoping that my remorse for my actions will allow me to be ascended. I was not a faithful man, since I had been raised in no religion. In fact, the only time I had ever heard of religion was that it was unacceptable. Now, I am not sure what to think. 

But as the moments came and went, I hoped that somebody would understand. I hoped that I could find peace at last like so many others have. So, the nurse agreed to my wish and brought in my Jew. The only way I knew he was even in the room was due to my nurse informing me. I had to explain my actions and beg for his forgiveness. I had no background of this man, no information of who he was. But it was still to whom I asked, “I have acted in great sin. Committed crimes against your people and the like. In the brief moments you accompany me I can already feel the hatred in your heart.” I continued for a while, explaining what I had done and my absolute regret, “I hope that one day you may forgive our sins as a country. I beg of you to at least give me the courtesy to forgive my sins.” I could hear his soft breathing stuttering as if he were to cry. But it was not for me; I had already notated this. I heard a single footstep receding, then another. He staggered away from me and went back to the door. He had said no words. And I slowly withered away.  

On my death I did ascend, the heavenly white glow told me to enter. And I did; the pearly gates before me were closed. But instead, I noticed a blinding light once more. It spoke, “were you good in my image?” “Who are you,” I asked confusedly. “I am God, I know all that has and has been. It is not always true that I speak to those without me, but this gives closure to the dead that speak with me.” I had never been a believer until now. I rarely ever heard of the gospel, but it had been exposed to me. “Please save me the conversation, I would like to know where I will spend eternity and why.” 

“I would like you to know your responses to three questions first.” God spoke, “First, have you sinned. Second, have you repented. Third, do you believe you should be allowed in heaven. Remember that I know all.” To this, I pondered for quite some time and responded. “Yes, I have sinned; but I have repented for the major sins.  It is impossible to both notice and respond to every sin, so it is concludable that total repentance is impossible. Lastly, I do not know if I should go to heaven. It is not my decision. I see no harm in allowing me inside; I follow the set rules without question. I have faith in my superiors. I am only human, I am flawed, yes, but I know my beliefs.” 

“Such are the ways of man”, God responded. “I want you to think of these few questions. Were you doing things for the good of humanity? Were you causing great evil for your purpose?  And did you act in resolve for your repentance.  You are going to heaven, but your guilt will bring you hell.” The light of God engulfed me, and I was in heaven. But so were the souls that haunted me. Over the centuries I realized God was right, guilt bore into my veins, and I was truly in hell.  

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Part Two: Dostoevsky  

 

The dark Soviet nights chilled my skin and bit my fingers and toes. I often walked home on brisk nights due to long hours at the shoe factory. It was not a difficult job; the shoe factory made only one boot. I simply put glue on the bottom of the sole in specific areas. Ukraine often did not have the same luxuries as Russia. And the soup kitchens had long snaking lines, which I soon approached. A fellow comrade stood there, Anna Pavlovna Scherer, waiting for her rations. “What a wonderful night it is”, I spoke as snowflakes slowly fell to the ground, “Да, я надеялся на лучшую еду.” “What is it that we are eating then?” “не бы очень хотелось тебя съесть.” Her straightforward approach surprised me; I was not native to Ukraine and only moved here after World War II. I guess the women here carried themselves differently. 

That night was warmer than all the prior nights. Eating the crisp dry bread and watery soup with Anna was pleasant. The time after was even nicer. It was nice enough for me to pass out for the night and continue the dream that had occurred.  But in the morning, it was over. She was gone. I had gotten my hopes up over nothing. The front door was still cracked open, letting the winter air inside my home. I grabbed my wallet and felt a distict lack of rubles. But this could not matter to me, because I was late for work. Upon my arrival, I was met by some officers. “Hello, do you need my papers? I am needing to go to work.” The two responded, “Вы видели эту женщину?” “Yes, I was just with her last night”. I began to be concerned, was she lost? “Нам необходимо забрать вас на допрос.” I could feel my eyes bulging slightly; my breath started to quiver and sweat began to roll down my face. “Of course, officers.” 

The prison was being utilized as the police office as well. It saved the state money. I tried my hardest to not panic. It was not the case that saw the insides of a prison make it back out. I know this; my mother and father were sent here for eating unallocated rations. I, now in my forties, have been lucky enough to have no accusations against me. “Вас вызвали сюда, потому что Анна была американской шпионкой. Что вам об этом известно?” The officer began as I sat in the icy metal chair. The room around was that of stone, barb wire lined up the open roof. A single door to enter and exit was barricaded with an iron rod upon my entry. A tinted window reflected the officer and me; there had to be more soldiers behind that. 

 “I have had no knowledge that she was the enemy.” I said this, choosing my words very carefully. One slip up and I would not be able to live peacefully, “I would never meet with the enemy, I denounce her.” This would have to do, any other words spoken in defense of her or surprise of her being an American spy would cause only more suspicion. There was a pause, I could feel the eyes watching me. The officers had made up their minds, and it was not in my favor. In Hail-Mary of desperation I continued, “Пролетарии всех стран, соединяйтесь!” I stupidly continued.  

This seemed to satisfy them for a moment. The officer left. My body started to cool in the winter air, the stress in the prior moments brought my body to combust, and this was noticed by the officers. They soon returned and started to take me outside. My hopes were raised with each step. Then I saw Anna, tied up on a concrete pole next to a wall. And I saw a soldier carrying a gun. “Государство приказывает вам устранить этого предателя.” The warmth escaped from my body. “устранить ее или быть устраненным вместе с ней”. I was handed a TT-33 Tokarev and a single bullet. Anna begged me. She lied that, “Я не шпион, я хотел увидеть свою семью в Польше.” But it was not in her words that I faltered; I had never murdered anyone before. I had always been a shoemaker; it was how I was raised and how I wanted to stay.  

I had no choice but to load the bullet into the cartridge; I wanted to live. The cold winter day made me regret touching the metal gun. It seemingly tore through my gloves and ravished my soul. I slowly raised the gun at Anna and contemplated our night together. Could I live with myself after shooting her? I was not sure. I knew if I did not make a choice soon, I would either be imprisoned or released. I made up my mind. I hardly had time to feel the cold barrel on my chin before the trigger clicked. But no bullet came from my gun. “стрелять в него,” The commanding officer said. And I felt a bullet enter my skull. 

I rapidly ascended into light; great closed gates arched overhead. I noticed a blinding light. It spoke to me, “were you good in my image?” “Who are you,” I asked sternly. “I am God, I know all that has and has been. It is not always true that I speak to those without me, but this gives closure to the dead that speak with me.” I had never been a believer until now. I rarely ever heard of the gospel, but it had been exposed to me. “Why are the gates closed to me? I have done nothing wrong and died for a good cause.” 

“I would like you to know your responses to three questions first.” God spoke, “First, have you sinned. Second, have you repented. Third, do you believe you should be allowed in heaven. Remember that I know all.” To this, I pondered for quite some time and responded. “Yes, I have sinned.  I have committed adultery, allowed hatred into my heart. It was all in good faith, though. I do believe that I should be allowed in heaven. I know it is not my decision. I see no harm in allowing me inside; I follow only what is right without question. I have faith in humanity. I am only human, I am flawed, yes, but I have always acted in good will.” 

“Such are the ways of man”, God responded. “I want you to think of these few questions. Why did you choose to make love with a woman outside of wedlock? What made you praise for another purpose over me? What drove you to attempt suicide? For the many sins you have committed in false beliefs you are to be sent to Hell.” The light of God engulfed me, and I was in Hell.  

 

 

 

Part Three: Lu Feng-Ming 

 

Beijing was explicitly different from the countryside. It took six years for me to observe the differences. I also listened to many termed matters of national importance; none of which impacted me, of course. These politics only blackened my already hopeless mood and brought hatred for the people around me. But there was one minor incident; a tiny thing that began to drag me out of my bad temper. The memory of which remains with me today. The marketplace was bustling with rise-and-shine energy; our government happened upon great wealth through consuming our neighbors. With it being Spring in 1917, there was only a little dust in the air. I of course needed to hustle my livelihood. I pulled a cart of bread, in which I had baked the evening before. 

The traversal between my home and the shop was great and long. Rarely was there any hubbub of conflict though. But today was different. I was still a ways to go to reach my destination when someone caught the handlebars to my wagon. A vermillion gown flowed smoothly against the wrinkled skin of the Mandarin. I continued for a moment, before deciding to stop and check on this man. Although I had tried to swerve last second and avoid this fellow, his high-political gown had reached out in the breeze and grappled onto my handlebars. He was lucky I had slowed down the great weight of my wagon in the crowd; else he would have summersaulted and cracked open his head on the compressed dirt. 

“You absolute imbecile, can’t you walk?” He insulted, “I’ll have your head for this!”. I approached him and tried assisted him in standing up, “I’m sorry sir, I meant no harm.” But he smacked my hand and spit at my feet. “Are you hurt?”, “You had best get to running, I am injured in my heart.” He responded. I hastily thrust a great deal of coins at him and returned to my wagon. I set off running. I looked back once more to see the old man, but he was on his way to a police station. The coins continued to lay flatly on the ground. The day continued to be normal. There was no shortage of coins, and I soon forgot the coins that most likely continued to lay grossly on the dirt.  

With the yellow sun setting on the red horizon, I closed my shop. I set the remaining loafs on my wagon and took off home. The run was quite nice, but I remembered what had occurred earlier that day. As I approached where it had occurred. I noticed that my coins were still laying on the ground, only moving a couple feet off the trail into the grass.  It was most likely the wind. Setting down my wagon, I went to go and pick them up. The ditch next to the road was menacing, only a couple inches from the coins. Upon picking up the coins, I went to return to my cart. 

A long cane ejected from the ditch and caused me to fall. The heavy silver coins in my short gown did not help; they caused me to fall differently. I landed on my neck and could not breathe. While I gasped for air I saw the same old man, wearing the same old gown. This time, he laughed instead of scorned. “You greedy bastard,” he lectured. “How terribly narrow minded – an obsession with coins. A classic case of overweening ego. Why do you worry about these coins? You don’t even know how these came to fruition.” There I sat physically and mentally paralyzed, incapable of even hearing his points. He still went on, as my breathing steadily worsened, fluid filling my lungs. 

“Do not worry, I did not execute you without permission. In the time that you did whatever it is you do, I sook revenge. The court approved of this, and so it has come to be.” A policeman came by, “Is everything alright here?” He asked. “Why, of course! We met earlier, didn’t we?” “Ah- of course, continue.” The old man stared once more at my eyes, “Well, I have made my point. Be good in the rest of your life!” With that poorly made joke, he was off. And I was good in the last moments of my life. There were no bad actions to do. 

I was slowly engulfed in light. After a while, great closed gates arched overhead. I noticed a blinding light. It spoke to me, “were you good in my image?” “Who are you,” I asked, expecting him to respond, “I am The Way”. Instead, he responded, “I am God, I know all that has and has been. It is not always true that I speak to those without me, but this gives closure to the dead that speak with me.” I had never been a believer. I had rarely been exposed to anything above superstition. I asked, “Why are these gates closed? I am unfamiliar to these ways.” 

“I would like you to know your responses to three questions. Your actions have already determined whether you will be given the great joy of heaven or heavy pains of hell.” God spoke, “First, have you committed crime. Second, have you done self-reflection. Third, do you believe you should be allowed in heaven. Remember that I know all.” To this, I pondered for quite some time and responded. “Yes, I have committed a great number of crimes.  I have been greedy in life, brought in coins instead of tradition. It was all in good faith, though. I do not know if I should be allowed in heaven. If it were my decision I would always choose happiness over pain. I see no harm in allowing me inside; I tried to act in goodness without question. I am only human, I am flawed, yes, but I have always acted in good will.” 

“Such are the ways of man”, God responded. “I want you to think of these few questions. Why did you choose to reclaim those coins? What made you hesitate to help that man? What drove you to move on in your life instead of reflecting on what good could have come with that? For the many other crimes you have committed against me, you are to be sent to Hell.” The light of God engulfed me, and I was in Hell. 

Part Four: Sir William 

 

“Go, it is the dismissal,” the priest spoke. “Thanks be to God”, the mass returned. “May almighty God bless you-” “Amen.” And the congregation disbanded.  This would be the last mass I would attend, for I was off to battle in the great crusades. The castle stunk of summer manure dried on the ground, I doubt this would go away in our travels. I only fought alongside a thousand men, leading select expert soldiers in my small brigade. There were other knights in my cabinet, and others were superior to me. It was mostly my duty to go and fight for Jerusalem.  

My command was quite confusing; a cabinet of princes fought for our attention, but that did not change my camaraderie with my fellow knights. The trails were quite boorish to our men. We did not see battle at all. At one point we were teased with Muslim relief army besieging Antioch, but we were too distant at that point. Later on in my travels, I heard that Peter Bartholemew had found the Holy Lance. I was quite upset that I was not there with him. If only I was a lower ranking knight, then I could be tossed to the frontlines.  

We approached the city of Jerusalem. Our force had been greatly slowed by the Muslims, but our cause is good in the eyes of God. The evil Fatimid governor poisoned the water we drank and burned food and shelter. I hoped for nothing more than to remove this vessel of destruction straight to Hell. This was soon to come, as it was almost our time for battle. I, alongside other officials, had agreed to break apart Genoese ships in Jaffa to further prepare for our battle.  

In one final effort to appease God in our efforts, we rallied the men in a penitential procession. A few days later, it felt right to go and save Jerusalem. Now it was time for me to fight. I was set in the south tower, which we moved strategically to this point upon better clarification in the procession. As I, and other knights, soared closer to the less protected section, we all bantered as to who would be first on the wall. I, in my heavy chainmail suit, made my move; flying towards the wall. I almost did not make the jump, but thankfully God lifted my body and assisted my traversal. 

It was my time to fight; this side of the wall was weak, which I easily conquered with only a little assistance. I, being the first on the wall, would of course be written in every novel. My great purpose and bravery would be above all else. Now that the soldiers have surrendered and been killed it was our turn to cleanse the Holy Land once more. Blood drained from each house and home, some of which came from my blade. I saw ahead through the small slit in my helmet an alehouse to my left. 

Since the streets were now empty of evil, and prior homes I had skimmed through were abandoned, it would only make sense that evil would flock to this place. On entry, I saw nobody. Upon further inspection, there was still nobody. A menacing shadow vaporized on the wall, and I was stabbed. I was stabbed twice before I turned around swinging my sword. But I did not strike anything; my adversary was too short to be hit. 

I looked down, blood squirting from my wounds. I could not live for long, but at least I could save one of my fellow soldiers from this sinner. I saw a small girl, about 4 feet tall, wielding a rondel dagger. She thrust once more. In doing so, I cleaved at her arm. Her dagger had nothing against my sword. Her arm came clean off, and so did her head.  Shortly after ridding the world of this young devil, I sat down and waited for assistance from my countrymen. They were just outside, all that had to happen was one come in the door and call for a hospitaller. This did not happen, even as I cried out some times. 

I felt God’s light engulf me. As I reopened my eyes, great closed gates arched overhead. I noticed a blinding light. It spoke to me, “were you good in my image?” “God? Of course,” I responded enthusiastically. “Yes, I am God, I know all that has and has been. It is not always true that I speak to believers, but this gives closure to the dead that speak with me.” I have always been a believer. I actively praised the gospel. “Why are the gates closed to me? I have done nothing wrong and died for a good cause.” 

“Patience, I would like you to know your responses to three questions first.” God spoke, “First, have you sinned. Second, have you repented. Third, do you believe you should be allowed in heaven. Remember that I know all.”  I pondered for quite some time, not on my faith; I was sure about that. I soon responded. “Yes, I have sinned.  I have committed murder, but it was for your cause. It was all in good faith. I have praised you all my life, of course I should be allowed in heaven. I know this is not my decision. I see no harm in allowing me inside; I follow only what is right without question. I have faith in you. I am human, I am flawed, yes, but I have always acted in your will.” 

“Such are the ways of man”, God responded. “I want you to think of these few questions. Was it my voice to told you to kill in my name? What desires did you fill by massacring in my name? Was your purpose completely pure? For the many sins you have committed in false beliefs you are to be sent to Hell.” The light of God engulfed me, and I was in Hell. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Part Five: Fritz 

 

I finished my painting. The human skulls piling high, like a pyramid, against a bleak stone brick. Candles illuminated from inside a few skulls towards the base, and a chandelier fell from the ceiling accompanied by dirty brown water dripping down the walls. Mold crept in from the corners. I created a masterpiece. It reflected perfectly the suffering I had caused; the death was stacked in a pyramidal pile centered in the room. I had omitted the leather pouches that were scattered behind me. Any time I would go shopping, I could simply grab one of these and go. 

In fact, whenever I wanted to do anything, I could metaphorically grab it and go. I had grabbed life by the suitcoat and stabbed it to death. I tortured my livestock. I bought many escorts, which I refused to pay for afterwards. When they started to refuse, I simply brought them here anyways using opium in their drinks and returning them in the morning, if I wanted. I never tried to harm anyone of actual power though. I lived in a grand home outside the city, and outside nearby towns. I had no family to betray me, no friends to deceive me, nobody to harm me. I had sole responsibility for myself.  

I climbed my stairs back into my home from my basement. My own amazement never ceased to amaze me; whoever had lived in this home last had to be happy. Until I came around. He had a separate basement purely for alcohol, aged wines, and brandies. Of this, I drank often. I would partake often in snuffs and opiates as well, since they made me feel good. I hated to take care of the livestock. I had inherited 2 horses, one male and one female, three cows, one bull, 12 chickens, and 4 pigs. I certainly made enough with my 50 acres to pay someone else to do this, and that is what I did for the most part. 

I found myself not wanting to harm those that served me, only those that did not. This was beneficial to both parties; they got to survive and get paid; I benefited even more from their hassle. With this I would go ahead with my free time to express my various desires. Drugs, alcohol, sex, violence, going to the inner city and robbing various people, fornicating with whoever or whatever came to mind, and bearing false witness, slandering people for fun. One day I had even gone into a church and spread the word of real god. A being of shadow, that wanted us all dead. And that they should all kill themselves. 

They did not take this lightly and shunned me from their church. The red carpet that laid centerfold against beautiful, stained wooden floors directly contrasted blue and yellow decorations. Various animals which I had killed were portrayed as decoration as well, their bones being made into miniature displays. I entered my library, books lined the bookshelves raising to a second story, which had even more books on bookshelves. I often come here bored. I couldn't remember half the stories or tales since I would drink heavily when reading. I now looked for a certain book, the most entertaining, Ethics and Politics. Aristotle had a way with words that were hysterical to me. 

After I gathered my snuff tobacco and a bucket of wine, I was ready to read this ludicrous novel. Taking a big whiff, I opened a random page and started to sip; dipping my glass into the bucket whenever it got low. Distantly, a quiet knock came from my front door. I turned out to be sure of this, facing the entrance. Surely enough, I was not hallucinating this time; the knock was real. I would have ignored this, but I felt oddly social today. The desire to antagonize this person was too great though, I shouted out the window “I’m on my way!” and sat back down to read.  

They lasted about ten minutes before they knocked again, this time banging on the door so loudly I felt it would break. With this worry, I actually rushed to open it. On opening the door, I inspected the door, and with further investigation the door was fine. Still, I said on top of whatever the two people were saying, “You had better pay up, this door was expensive you know.” They were not amused. “Whoever was knocking owes me one hundred Livre.” “You have continuously refused to pay your taxes Hans Holbien, you owe 10,000 Livre.” I was not amused with this, “Come in.” I offered, half invited, half threatened. The main enforcer said, “We are not here to talk. We are here to repossess. You will come with us.” “One moment, I said closing the door in their face.  

I grabbed my trusty rapier from its stand on the stairwell, freshly sharpened, and polished. It was a shame I would have to use it soon after its care. But I persisted; there was no other way for me to get out of this. On reopening the door, hiding my weapon behind it, I was met with something I had not seen before. A gilded brown stick, curved into a J lay in both their hands; their thumbs moved a notch back. What could this tiny thing do to me? I said, "Well, it was nice talking with you all! Come inside, it’s hot out there; care for a drink?” “Exit the premises now or we will harm you.” “With what? Those small things?” I rapidly observed the surroundings; nobody was there except them. I made my move and slashed at the primary enforcer.  But in a moment a sharp pain in my shoulder caused me to fall back to the ground. A second boom finished the job, and I felt my head blow from my body. 

On my death I did ascend, the heavenly white glow told me to enter. And I did; the pearly gates before me were closed. But instead, I noticed a blinding light once more. It spoke, “were you good in my image?” “No, I thought you were dead,” I asked confusedly. Stating as if he had a script, it said, “I am God, I know all that has and has been. It is not always true that I speak to those without me, but this gives closure to the dead that speak with me.” I had never been a believer, even now I was not sure if this was my mind or reality. I would break out in laughter at the gospel whenever it had been exposed to me. “Please save me the conversation, I would like to know where I will spend eternity and why.” 

“You are going to answer three questions first.” God spoke, “First, have you sinned? Second, have you repented? Third, do you believe you should be allowed in heaven? Remember that I know all.” To this, I gave little to no thought. “I have most definitely sinned if I were a man. But you are not real, I am God, and you are an imposter. Therefore, I don’t need to repent. I think I should go to heaven. It is my decision. I see no harm in letting God inside heaven; I follow my own rules without question. I have faith in myself. I am God; I cannot be flawed.” 

“Such are the ways of man”, God responded. “I want you to think of these few questions. Were you doing things for the good of humanity? Were you causing great evil in your purpose?  And did you act in resolve for your repentance.  You are created in my image, but you are not me.” The light of God engulfed me, and I was in hell. 

 

 

 

The Universal Clock  

 

 	The clock stroke 10:00am. Ask anyone in the world about the time and they would say "it's 10:00". It did not matter whether it was day or night, it was 10:00am. Wei Ying was tired of this, as going to work at night had always been a tedious bore. People were not created nocturnal. Then again, he thought, there was a price to pay to share under one world order.  His old, tired body whined with each movement, although he was only seventeen. This night was different; he was to distribute his items at a little shop inside the Wusu Market. His tired eyes were drowsy from his long nights at the factory in the city. The allocations had been provided; it was his civil and monetary duty to distribute it to his brothers. He trudged the dirt road, wagon trailing behind. The dust he drew behind him was certain to fall miles away due to the hot forceful winds that blew against him. In fact, he could feel the grit of dirt entering his nostrils from what only could be imagined. Possibly a horse or wagon miles ahead. Thankfully, it started to rain. His wares covered by a large brown tarp, torn at the sides, were safe. The dust slowly dissipated from the air as rain caught it and dragged it down, forcing it to stay in its place.   

  

These walks gave Wei long periods to think, but he did not. He instead preferred to recite lines from his favorite movie or song. Oftentimes this joyousness did not go unnoticed by passerby’s, who would often decide to shout at him to quiet down or shut up. His digital wristband would beep at him if he exceeded a certain decibel level. There were a few who liked his song, but these were a selected few that understood the words he sang.  It was not that he was a bad singer; he was comparable to Dietritch Fischer-Dieskau. The grass beside the road would sometimes throw him off, whacking him with a powerful whip before fleeting back away. This also was not the reason; it was that he primarily listened to old operas, or classical music in his earbuds at work; people were not interested in art.   

  

Wei was never a fan of the mainstream; whatever was popular was all too alike. Even though the songs had different tunes, the message was all similar; it got old. Each song was broadcast from distant towers; science beyond his understanding made the whole world connected. Still, he was a fan of pre-salvation music. Mostly analyzing the rhythm and dynamics, finding joy in difficulty. Now, he sang a classical opera with a title lost to time. Notations were no longer needed since copyright laws had long been forgotten. No artist was associated with their music.    

“Sitting on the hill, I watch,  

Into the blue, misty land,   

Looking toward the distant pastures,   

Where I once found my sweetheart.  

Far am I separated from her,   

Dividing lie mountain and valley;  

Between us and her peace, 

Alas, and Alas! the space between us separates us completely.  

All the sorrow and all the pain.  

For the distant, the most distant heart!  

 I would like to move with you in the wind,   

 And escape on the storm-wave path!   

 I would like to hover before you in the air,   

 And tremble in the sunbeam!   

 I would like to fly over you like clouds,   

 And rock before you in the stream!”  

  

The flowing beauty of a voice he mocked drew from his lungs and flew freely over the plains. His own smooth baritone soothed his being and made his trip easier. Although there were five more parts he remembered, he stopped. Since he often recalled his reprimands, and noticed he most likely annoyed a fellow traveler.   

 	Arriving at Wusu, Wei retreated from the rain under the tin roof of his cabana. Revealing the many phones laying underneath the tattered tarp, Wei got to work. He slowly stocked the wooden shelves in front of where he would stand for the next seven hours, before slowly returning to the city, leaving whatever proceeds to go to his benefactor.  Though, each time he returned to the issued cabana, there was nothing left. Reaching for his own phone, he was interrupted. “A-hem”, the customer said, “could I please take a phone”. Wei was only allowed to reply “yes”.  If he replied any differently, he would have whatever proceeds taken from him.  There was a sign claiming the phones to be $100 dollars, but everybody knew this could not be forced; even in a small town. It goes to say that he was not a poor fellow; each person had been given equal share in pay, apart from this. Some workers were equal, but some workers were more equal than others.  

  

Wei’s phone rang. Answering, he said “Hello, this is Wei”. From the fat heavy breathing snarling from his phone, Wei could deduce it was his boss, “We need you back at the factory as soon as possible, 30 men have started protesting”. Wei was uncaring, “I’m around six miles out, today is my market day.” Wei quietly disputed. “I am aware of that Wei, I’m out $350 as of now, and I’ll be out $1050 by the time you get here.”  The boss calculated. “If I go, I’ll be losing out on potential revenue” Wei bargained. “I really need you here Wei, although I cannot give you any overtime pay, or increase your pay, without addressing my thirty secretaries. I can allow you to take my vacation to America. You are lucky that the other workers got the pay increase” The boss said, defeated. “I’ll be on my way shortly”.  

  

He was as enthusiastic as a child on his first workday. So excited in fact, he almost skipped the first few miles back, happy to leave the wagon for the next unlucky fellow. His job at the factory was to place or replace the batteries on the phone, a tedious task that brought him great joy. The skillful movements that this took made his work secure, and he would have doubled the time until the workers are arrested and replaced. Or he was sent out on vacation.   

  

The days and nights became increasingly more restless. Wei heard his co-workers talk, envious of his trip. Although he was never told this information directly, the tales of meeting the president of the world, the tales of endless legal sin, and the tales of learning about making technology were almost too much for his little heart. He had to assure himself an old parable his mother said days before salvation, at a time when he was around five, “suicide is a permeant solution to a temporary problem”. His largest hope was not anything material. Wei wanted to visit the white house and learn about whatever ancient history came before the Mononational Mansion was built in New York. Although this was a languishing wish, he grieved at the thought of missing this opportunity. Maybe he would run out of the scheduled car and make his way from New York to Washington. It couldn’t be farther than what he walked in a week, he thought. But time was running short for thought. For his vacation was coming up in a few nights.    

  

There was no worry about jetlag, since everyone had the same clock. The flight was generally painless. Prior to takeoff was the most difficult part, since the transportation security agency had become a cornerstone of flying. Wei had tried to travel with his earbuds. The way the wires lined up in his bag made an officer mistake it for contraband and changed its course back from Wei, dropping down into a blast proof industrial grinder. The metal jaws grinding his belongings. His picture, large on the row of televisions showing his digital identifications, came with a newly added tally mark added to three existing. But this was not that much of a loss. There was a price to pay to share under one world order. Wei stopped reflecting on this, blocking it from his memory, for he had a great time to have in Northern America.   

  

The flashing lights of the city were different from that of his old home. The airport was near empty in comparison, and he could tell things were a great distance apart. Very few people had the luxury to travel from their native continent due to the great restrictions placed on travel, but his boss had his itinerary set. For after a few minutes of standing, he was met with a dark black limousine. Assuming this was his, he entered. Very few people knew others; it was frowned upon by our gracious world’s order.  The boss clearly made whatever plans there had been to be shortchanged. His American driver spoke to him, “where to”? Now transparently engaged Wei chattered many similar things, ultimately landing on “The White House”. The first of his many days was spent driving to the White House. This was the most painful of the time, for each stop he got out for some trivial reason. The two would eat solemnly at whichever chain restaurant resembled those in Asia, which were surprisingly many. In fact, Wei noticed there were very little differences apart from nature. He noticed that the buildings were still square, the food was still bland and rough, and the police were even more prominent.  

  

Reminiscent of his old distractions, Wei wanted his music back. While the blank sounds of bumps on the road hummed harmoniously with the squeaky movements of the wheel, Wei desired to sing his own song. The window between cabins was thankfully closed, so he did not distract the American driver. He sang to himself in an operatic tone,   

“I think of you, when in the rain of blossoms Spring descends upon our gentle hills,  

I think of you, when the ear of corn bows low,   

Which nourishes us through your diligence, for your sake.  

 I think of you, in the golden evening shimmer,   

 That plays around the shadows of virtuous beeches,   

 I think of you, when the sea of stars;  

 Envelops your soul with eternal radiance.  

 Love's heaven, so full of eternal splendor,   

 Dreams through the days, keeps watch through the night.”  

 He was sure that he had heard something of sort in the distant past, but the author had long been forgotten.   

  

The long highway traffic soon after intensified as people reached the District of Columbia, finding it interesting to see all the cars, Wei once more was distracted. This occurred until he saw something that brought despair to his heart, The White House. Looking around, the city was fine. And still, its vandalized gates badly bent and bowed back into the ground in grand arches. The windows were broken and boarded up. No trespassing banners flew in place of the flags; the gardens devoid of flowers. Its walls dilapidated, and scorch marked found their ways up each corner blackening the once white paint.   

  

The few coherent thoughts Wei found were jumbled and garbled in despair, the photos that he once saw as a child of a grandiose home, with mammoth arches of Romanesque design descending on a stunning garden containing all pleasant colors. To top it all off, a glorious fountain spewing a bright turquoise bow of nearly transparent water was centered in his memory.  This memory was replaced with what he now saw. There was a price to pay to share under one world order. He checked his watch; it was noon. He could not cry. His mind had gone numb. The world span, and he sang,  

“I hear you well, my heart;   

  

Beating with such great throbbing.  

 I know you wish to complain,  

That you are now in hell.  

Ah! Silence your pain;  

 Ah! Suffer your torment;  

Keep it quiet, and do not betray,  

 My desperate hopefulness.”  

 The world became bleak. He reminded himself that suicide is the cowards way out.  

 	The driver was incapable of finding a spot to park. Food trucks and police filled nearly every stop, with the occasional bus long abandoned occupying the spaces in between. Wei, being distraught, simply waited for the limo to stop in traffic. When the driver was slowed, he made his move bolting from his luxurious seat to run out to the large sidewalk covering what was known as the national mall. The museums that once loomed over the central monuments were now new monuments to the founders of salvation.  Each was grander than the last, leaving no room for interpretation. Wei followed the crowd past a menacing spire reminiscent of the tower of Barad-dur, camera’s shooting out with navy blue lights shining against the bright blue skies. He continued over the hill towards what he believed was the Lincon memorial. Toppling the ascent, he noticed there was no path. The crowd grew thick like how snot grows in the nose.   

 	 

Wei noticed a speaker. She was accompanied by a sign language translator, although the two were almost undetectable behind thick stinking fog rising from the crowd. He decided that this was sufficient for now. “Welcome all to our annual praise to our leader, democracy.” the crowd chanted in return, “hail democracy”. “My fellow cisgenders, transgenders, they and them, Ze and Zirs, I ask to look around you today. In this very moment we are bound together, not in our lives or purpose, but in our love. Our love for each other and care for humanity. We seek one purpose, to find understanding in comfort in affirming those in need and help in educating the masses”. “One love, one peace, one nation” the mass responded. “We will start today with something simple, yet profound, an act of faith in our purpose- of opening your heart and soul to those next to you. Please turn to love the people around you- open your body”. The congregation started to kiss one another. And the nation did this. And the speaker did this. And Wei gave into this. In around an hour, they were all finished, and the speaker continued. “I want you to remember this as you leave today. Salvation is not cruel. Your love is meant to guide you as a light. Don’t keep it to yourself. If you feel unhappy, open your body to the person next to you. Find the light in their eyes and keep it until you are both finished. In each interaction, find as much pleasure as possible. Go forth now and be what your nation desperately needs”.   

  

Upon the wake of this, Wei felt relaxed enough to go back to the White House, The no trespassing banners waving at him. Ignoring these, he went on. The inside was no better than the outside, being ruined though years of dust and ash, needles filling the corners of each room. He was met with an old stench, seeping from the rugs. As he took the tour he noticed many sleeping bags, covered in a mist of blood, left behind for long enough to have their colors start to degrade. A loud thud came from the floor above, and footsteps came rapidly descending from above.   

  

A scraggly man, wearing clothes Wei had not seen before, now stood; shocked like a deer before him. “Why are you trying to hurt me”, he accused. “What? I am here because I want to understand history.” “The only history left here is one that did not live free.  Now leave here, never return.”, “What happened?”. “So many people, buried underneath the ground. When the nation becomes one, all death is from the nation.  There will be more death, humanity cannot rule on its own” the sound of a window breaking rang in their ears, “they’re here”. With that the man was gone, scurrying back up the stairs. The loud thundering footsteps grew louder as they approached Wei; people casually dressed in black wearing gas masks entered the room. Upon arrival, they stood at each doorway blocking the path and took off their backpacks. Revealing canisters of red gas, which escaped into the room, and Wei was unconscious.   

  

Waking up, he was noticeably in a type of compound fluorescent lights flew into his eyes while the black shadows in the corners began to fill with masked strangers. Two came up to his chair. “Five counts of misbehavior were found on your digital identification. All of which went against what you signed up to living on this planet.” he began, “First, you were caught singing in public and causing public disturbance. Second, you failed to report to your workstation on your scheduled time. Third, you were recorded using religious statements without considering all religions. Fourth, you attempted to bomb an airplane. Fifth, you refused to stay with your assigned guardian while visiting a new place and trespassed on national property. Do you have a defense?” The masked figure stated, seemingly rhetorically.  

  

Wei now had the chair, although he was still confused and nauseous from the gas which flowed vaguely from his nostrils. He yelled, “I have not harmed anyone! Most of these are not even true!” A rag was stuck in his mouth. “Now, hearing these charges and his defense, there will be a vote. Those who vote innocent leave your hands down, those who vote guilty raise your hands.” Everybody in the room except Wei raised their hands. “Now, the state appointed judge will decide your sentence. Any complaints until then can be written and set into this box” the masked figure informed. Around five seconds later, the rest of the group tied him down. He missed his chance. The league disbanded from the room, and all Wei had left was a clock and a camera. The clock spun wildly as time passed. It had to have spun around a minimum of four times before he stopped counting.    

  

The judge finally entered his chambers.  With him he brought a glass of water, the first thing he consumed in his stay. The judge decreed “You have been found guilty by your peers and have no defense. For your sentence, you will be enlightened, then dissolved.” And with that he was gone, on to the next room. Wei’s eyes returned to the clock, both hands pointed towards the sky. This time he spoke to it, “You have me on five strikes? I have way more than five! If the rules were clearer, I could tell you which ones I have broken. I do not hail this planet; I hail the history of the world. You speak of love! What love is this? Love for expression? I cannot sing! Love for humanity? We cannot share basic details! We fail to follow orders-” A rag was placed in his mouth once more. This time the officer was enraged with eyes burning behind its mask. “Shut up; you idiot! Don’t you know your words are murder!”. The judge was called back to re-analyze this specimen.   

  

“Due to your recent bad behavior- it has been democratically deemed that you will be vaporized by morning, but tonight you will love”. A few moments between his being thrown into a new jail cell were spent watching the hands on the clock descend. This cell had a bathroom and a bed, which Wei instantly adored. Once he was finished and cleaned up, two guards entered the room.  They removed their clothes until all that remained was the mask which gave them power. Wei tried to abstain, but it was impossible. It felt dangerously good, and for a few moments he forgot his troubles. He noticed there was fire in the guards' eyes. They did not care for him; they only cared for how they felt using him. As his body went numb and he started pass out, the guards felt satisfied and finished what they desired. Laying paralyzed on the bed, Wei began to dream of a better place. And he was dead. 

  

  

  

  

 

A Real Utopia 

  

Black rain fell from the impossibly dark night. It was difficult to see even three feet in front without an umbrella to extend out a few feet. The campus was absent from life late at night, except for the occasional drunken group of imbeciles.  The rain made any life impossible for me to tell. The few moments when I was not blinded by rain my eyes would deceive me. It was a simple trip across campus, or so I thought. I took the scenic path since the rain has always been a comfort to my mind. But tonight was something different. Maybe it was the biting wind that gnawed on your ear. Or possibly it the chill that forced its way down my spine.   

  

The ominous brick buildings loomed distantly in my path, providing a safe haven far away that would bring me back to my home safely. Feeling the heavy rain fall on my hair and distorting my vision. It was an easy decision for that was the safest way for me to return, through school. A brief flash of lightning and a break in the wind aligned perfectly for me to see what was ahead, or what was not ahead. The sudden flash showed a desolate wasteland that reflected only the souls of the damned. And just as the rain returned, so did reality. I stood paralyzed in the downpour for a moment before moving on. And suddenly I felt like I was not alone.  

  

The doors to the campus hall were rightfully locked. The one I remembered would let me in was a sunken implant behind the recess of a hill. The now pitch-dark devoid of light hallway forced me to reference the wall to move forward. The sounds of my shoes resonated off the sparse turns. I felt something wet on the wall. Turning on my phone, the light glow of my screen glimmered on the white wall. I tried to turn on my flashlight, but the battery was too low, leaving me to the light of my screen.   

  

A dark red and green mixture protruded in lines on the wall; I traced each letter with my phone. The first word, “S T A Y”, the second, “H I D D E N”. The ring of a flashlight erupted from the side of the hall. “Hey, mind helping me with that light”? Silence. “Would you mind”. This time I went towards the flashlight, the light slowly started to shake, then more, and even more. Then as I approached this figure, the light dropped perpendicularly to the ground. A gust of wind shivering the hair on my right arm. With the flashlight still on the ground, it lit the way the breeze had blown. But a rapid turnaround revealed nothing.  Nothing but a smell. A smell that sank into my being. A smell that told me to go back outside into the rain. A smell that could not follow me outdoors. Still, I persisted, against better judgement, figuring that I am real.  

  

I am real, assuring myself, and I will get sick if I go out into the bitter cold and rain. The path ahead was certain to be safe. The security on campus was tight; cameras lined up each hall. But at this moment, I knew nobody was watching. I knew that the lack of life in this building caused me no harm, in fact it was quite relieving. The only trouble I would have was with the stairs. The stairs that led to my salvation. But on these stairs laid a note. A note addressed me. I, of course, did not want to read this note, so I did not. It went directly into my left pocket. The stairs going up into the main areas were much less intimidating than the entrance.   

  

The flashlight flickered, telling me to stop. This way is dangerous. BANG. A door shut from behind, locking me between the two halls. I have two options now. Go up, the faster way to my dorm. Or go down adding length to the trip. Since both doors were open, I went down. The likelihood of my survival increased with my unpredictability. Each breath I drew brought the crisp cool air into my lungs as it expunged my determination to make it out of this place. The stench worsened upon descent. But an unnatural wind came from the stairwell above; that shoved me down the stairs, making me drop the flashlight. An abyss appeared before me. I scurried to pick it up in the darkness. There was no avail. The flashlight was gone, and so was my light. The mark that struck my soul was that of oppression. A violent screech came from behind.  

  

It was like a bird, a bird that died in my hands as a child. But this bird was long dead, and so was the sound that brought terror to my heart. Looking back up the stairwell, cloaked in the darkness, I saw a vaguely opaque being. It was humanesque in a way, but the grasshopper’s claws and horses' hooves stopped me from believing it was human. The flaming white eyes showed me what it had seen and told me all that I needed to know. I slammed and barricaded the door with a nearby chair and ran into a nearby laboratory. It wasn’t all too impossible that it would leave with impatience or daylight. I thought about this for quite some time, but neither the door nor light held it back.   

  

I turned on the gas in the lab and hid in a closet; preparing my lucky lighter for if it entered. The smell of gaseous propane dulled the odor of this creature and masked it as would a perfume. The shadow entered the room and scuttled right in front of my closet. I could only tell this by the heavy thuds that shook my lungs causing me to gasp with each rapid step. But they stopped as soon as that thunder came to a stop, I could hear its breath. Or lack of breath, for what I heard was none other than cries. The presence of this being brought the already dark closet to dim even further.   

  

As day broke through the cracks in the closet, I could hear distant howling screams. The small rectangular fire escape window showed me all that I had to see. The figure had now left the building and roamed freely in the daylight. Or was it daylight? I could tell that the sun was in the sky, but a treacherous night seeped from the ground removing the use for the sun and causing great desaturation. The only light I saw coming originated from the beast. A beaming circular light reflecting in all directions like the headlights on a Peterbilt would doom whichever thing came into it. Leaving me to be confused as to why I have not been killed yet. For I was inside its glow.  

  

I could hear more die as well, the darkness spread from the beast and seeped into nearby houses. The lights slithered with it, slowly crawling from its head down its claws and blinding all those that saw it. I stayed in that classroom, peering out occasionally using the surface level window. It knew I was in that building, of course. It had known the entire time. It wanted me to watch. It needed me to watch. It needed me to see its power before coming to me. Now, it dug its claws into the ground, forcing its legs to carry the now kilometer long eyes. The earth moved with it as the claws turned to roots and dragged each corpse it created to the center of campus where it laid. It gnawed my fellow professors, ate my peers, chewed the staff, tore apart the security, and spit out the police. All-the-while it grew, and the light illumined circularly from its eyes.  

  

The beast came back at night, cowering from the moon. The beast had feasted over the day on the corpses. Its hooves cleaned the floors with the blood of its victims. It came to me multiple times, into my science lab. The light would seep through the corners of my closet, but it did not cause me harm. The claws that would erupt from the ground would carry gifts of rotten meat. It had taken a liking to my existence; it wanted me to learn. It wanted me to return home.  

  

The second lesson was to take power into my own control. The great claw that crushed stone and demolished anything in its path brought me from my closet. It threw me from the ground and lifted me in the air like a feather. The rough crimson leathery hide wet with blood wrapped around me and engulfed everything except from my head. I did not fight it; there was no use. Whatever it wanted was not to kill me though, it had that chance long ago.  It instead slowly framed me, changed me, and helped me adapt. Now my own skin was leather, my hands no longer hands and feet no longer feet. Still, I stayed put.  

  

I started to hope for self-survival again, hoping that I would be able to disarm this conformity. But instead, I gave in. Leaving my body to its own devices. I left the classroom to find a victim. The beast did not like this. The same leather hide broke from the wall and launched me back into my closet. It barricaded this so well that the wood turned to skin, and skin turned to my skin, and my skin was its skin. It did not speak. But it did speak. It spoke in my mind; every loose atom in my body is filled with its presence. “It is not your time”. I tried to speak with no avail. I was it. And it was me. I was being taught that it was not good to disobey. My arms were no longer arms, legs no longer legs.  

  

I had rarely been without pain before this; I had been diagnosed with OND years ago leaving my body, slowly strangling its nerves until I was blind and causing a dull migraine always prominent in my thought. Now, in the darkness, I saw a new light. A clear vision of a grand future. One where man did not rule and building were crumpled. One where comfort did not matter and no life but ours existed. A world where problems did not matter and no life but ours existed. A perfect world. My body was no longer my body, My mind no longer my mind, and eyes no longer my eyes. Which were forced to shut.  

  

I remembered my life, but my memory was flooded with ancient knowledge. An accumulation of all that was bad, all that was good, all that was, and all that was and was not flooding my mind. I saw the past lives of those which I had consumed. I saw the others, encapsulated like myself deformed and misshapen into perfection. I saw the pride, envy, wrath, sloth, greed, gluttony, and lust of humankind. I saw nations rise and fall; ideas come prominent and be returned by their antithesis.  I felt the torment of the millennia of the universe. I understood it all. And it knew I understood, for it communicatively transferred a single thought, “for do not bow yourselves to another god -- for Jehovah, whose name is Zealous, is a zealous God. I AM the resurrection, and the life; he who is believing in Me, even if he may die, will live. I the Father of Man shall send forth thou, and thou shalt gather up out of my kingdom all the stumbling-blocks, and those doing the unlawfulness, and shall cast them to the furnace of the fire; there shall be the weeping and the gnashing of the teeth.”  

  

I took these words and burnt them into my soul, wrote them in my brain, and praised their very origin. And I was released back to my campus.  The sun had left. The beast with it; my life was given a new, pure purpose.  My vision had changed, become pure, and found perfection. For even in the depths of night, in the shadows of the indoors, what I saw was light and light what I saw.  I slunk throughout the hallways masking myself in the shadows; and waited for my command.  

  

As I blinked my eye, I was visited by the heathens and heretics my forefather had killed. As soon as they appeared, they cried. The hallways turned to blank grassy plains, a dusty brown looming in the air obscured my vision, but my nose smelled no dust. Their eyes burned with hatred in seeing my existence. A man appeared at the forefront, although he was oblivious to the souls weeping around him, he paused for just a single moment. In this single moment his eyes pierced me, seeming to weep, “Devil”.  

  

And again, I was gone, but an image lay in my mind. An image that forced itself down my throat and implanted its being in my hollow heart. The consumption that led my desire fell on deaf ears and was lost to blind eyes. I hated the night and cursed the day. I angrily slammed a door, transported to the mailroom, and an envelope pen and paper. I bent the world to my will and wrote,   

  

“To whoever is found in this letter, I hope that you do not fall to cursing humanity as I have. Lift your hopes and dreams above your being and act naught to cause suffering though intentions good. Few moments come without the causality of life and death. Bring life to this world. I, omniscient, have seen all that has been and all that will be. I have witnessed the good and bad things in this world. All I ask is that you do not follow me in hell. And ascend above the simple sins of life to extend pure love and fairness to whoever is left. I cannot recall who I was, for I am all, but heed my warnings. I beg of you” This is a letter in which I sent to the great steps of an eternal campus. For I knew that whoever found this would have curiosity to get the best of them at some point.  

  

My soul began to combust along with the hole that once claimed my stomach. The hateful deeds that humanity created in the name of free-will formed neurotically in my body. I had to leave the shadows; I had to seek the light. My leathery hide swelled into ambiguity; I half clopped and half levitated to the nearest exit. But instead, I saw the man before, entering inside. I hid myself, as I knew I could not face the same look as before. He blindly walked by, clueless of my being. In this moment he seemed familiar, as if I had met him before.  A spark of denial and hatred forced its way into my corroded soul. Deep beneath still a spark of humanity heard the man's look. I dissipated and searched for a way to warn this being of good as quickly as possible. I watched his path, one hand marking the wall, the other out in front. The path ahead was open hall, the wall blank with opportunity.   

  

I spread further. Luckily, an innocent bystander locking the doors to the classrooms was inside the building. I sublimate. Nobody could hear his cry for help; he had none. My claws brutally bashed his being into a liquid. A liquid which I used to warn this man of my evil. The crimson blood soared with my will to land in his path, but he could not see this. Noticing a flashlight which was born from the innocent, I brought this to assist. He was concerned about this. But I could not let him look into my sunken eyes. He would cry out to my apparition, but it was a hopeless desire; for as he approached his very being corrupted me with hatred. I had to leave. I had to flee or else the human would lose its worth to me.   

 

He would follow me though, forcing my retreat. I filled with rage as he followed me. Until I was fed up. I tried to tell him to go away, to stop following me, to go and kill himself, but nothing came out. Nothing except a screech came out as I noticed my mouth no longer existed. This made him run towards me, into the night. For although my being was behind, I was ahead. He dared to move against my being. I felt his grubby life rub against my perfection. I moved back to my body, contempt oozing into the air perforating a menacing stench in the air. I knew his exact whereabouts; he would be killed in a moment. I hurried to the closet where he was sitting inside, but I stood there for a moment. I observed this human. He had already atoned for his sins and was looking to make the world a better place, a real utopia.   

  

I left him to aid in this, but in doing so my hatred grew. My omniscience drove me insane; murder upon murder racked my mind. The evil of humanity corrupted my soul, I had no choice but to choose which were good and bad. But it was not my ideal to leave this planet devoid of life; I had to leave one being. The best way to do this was to leave but one in my image. I wanted him to watch; I needed him to watch. And I knew he was watching me. With each corpse I consumed came a higher purpose, one to envelope the entire world. I thought I remembered the note in what used to be my pocket. My hide now hid this, forcing me to cut deeply into myself and squirm this loose. I tore the letter open and read its contents. The hope for a better world and self-loathing only affirmed my course. In the wake of this, I brought my human and turned him into me. 

  

  

 

 

 

 

 